c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\Bot Application1.dll.config
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\Bot Application1.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\Bot Application1.pdb
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\Chronic.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.xml
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.xml
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.pdb
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.pdb
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\ar\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\en\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\es\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\fa\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\fr\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\ja\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\ru\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\bin\zh-hans\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\obj\Release\LunchBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\obj\Release\Bot Application1.dll
c:\users\pyotr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LunchBot\LunchBot\obj\Release\Bot Application1.pdb
